milestone.txt
Jacob van der Leeuw and Nico Espinosa Dice
December 10, 2018

Project: vPython 3D Game

URL: http://www.glowscript.org/#/user/nespinosadice/folder/MyPrograms/program/Milestone

Paragraph
The game involves the user controlling a character that is chasing after three runaway balls. These move at different speeds through the track. Based on which of these objects the user catches, a point value is awarded. If the user catches the first ball, they receive one point. If they catch the second ball, they receive two points. If they catch the third ball, they receive three points and the game ends. The user travels through a track attempting to catch the three balls. The track itself is filled with obstacles and a speed boosting section. Collisions will include bouncing off the stationary walls and off the obstacles moving throughout the track. 

In order to run the game, the user should move using the arrow keys, with each key corresponding to a direction in which the ball will move. If the spacebar is pressed, your overall velocity will be 0.45 what it was. This is good to use if moving around corners. Your goal is to catch the other spheres moving around the track. If you catch the final sphere, you win the game.

For the milestone submission, we have the basic structure of the track complete, including the walls and 
stationary obstacles. The milestone submission also contains the user-controlled character. The user controlled object 
operates in a similar way to the object from the vPython Lab.

We also have some of the moving obstacles, the “physics” of the collisions, and the “penalty” 
for running into certain obstacles. The moving objects appearing in different parts of the track pose challenges 
to the player, including collisions, potential penalties if the user touches object, speed boosts, and more. 
The three runaway balls move at different but constant velocities, which allows us to change the 
difficulty of the game.

# How To Play
Use the arrow keys to navigate through the track. Avoid the obstacles (white boxes) while trying to capture the runaway spheres. It is highly recommended that you use the space bar to slow down before turns. You have three laps to capture all the spheres. Good luck!
